fix broken links and remove G1 content (#6)
CESNET/cloud-platforms-docs: content/docs/migration-to-g2-openstack-cloud.mdx

Details on how to map GEN1 flavor names into GEN2 can be found [here][g2b-flavors].

## Resources to help with migrations

> [e-INFRA CZ cloud documentation][general-docs] on [GEN1](./additional-information/g1-deprecation) and [GEN2 Brno][gen2-docs] clouds discusses most important facts about cloud sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[e-INFRA CZ cloud documentation][general-docs] on [GEN1][g1-docs] and [GEN2 Brno][g2b-docs] clouds discusses most important facts about cloud sites.
```
